[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> Light language to me is
a language that is expressed
through the heart.
>> It seems to communicate
through resonance,
through vibration,
through sound.
And it has-- seem to have a
deep recognition within people
as either some kind
of an ancient knowing,
or some kind of a
soul recognition.
>> It's a composite of light,
color, sound frequency,
and the opportunity for to
bridge different galactic
communities, and different
levels of awareness that are
beyond our understanding.
>> Light language is
light passing through us.
And it's what we all are.
It expresses itself
through each of us.
>> You put a voice to that, and
just allow it to freely flow
through you.
Then the channel opens
connecting Earth and sky,
connecting those two channels,
and light language appears.
>> It can be in all
different forms.
It could be spoken.
It could be written.
It could be danced.
It could be sung.
It's just expressing
who you are.
>> I see light language as a
kind of a composite at many
different levels of awareness
that is packaged in voice,
in terms of language, and
hand motions, in writing,
and writing different languages,
and also helping to understand
what we are moving
into at this time,
bridging other reality
constructs that maybe have
different ways of communicating.
>> I felt a deep--
I felt a deep
resonance within me.
It's like an ancient knowing,
or a soul recognition,
or something that was
really speaking to my soul.
>> When I speak it, I feel the
connection below and above.
I feel it through my legs, and
sometimes my legs will move.
And I feel the connection above
as the energy comes through
from the top of my head,
and straight into my heart.
And it's just like an energy
surge that I can't control.
So I just have to go with it.
And when I go with the
flow, I feel it more.
>> Yes, light language helps
us get out of the mind,
and get out of the
boundaries that we perceive.
And as we step through
those boundaries,
we move into a new paradigm,
and we open ourselves up
to fresh new energies.
And those energies has us
exploring our connections
to so many more of
our possibilities.
>> It's an opportunity to
also bridge different galactic
awarenesses, or multidimensional
aspects of myself.
>> It feels like light language
is the language of the soul.
>> So light language
is that remembrance.
It's a soul recognition
in form of communication.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[PICTURE SNAP]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> [LAUGHING]
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
[LAUGHING] [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> Yeah.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
[SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
>> Wow.
[LAUGHING]
>> You frighten me.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> All right.
Here we are.
>> Yeah.
>> Hi.
>> The circle is complete.
>> OK.
>> So I guess our
intention was to-- well,
we had an awesome session
yesterday, which--
mind blowing.
So hopefully, we can recreate
a little bit of that,
and just show our audience how
light language comes through,
how we have this awesome
translator, Rica-San, who
can translate light language.
And then I'm going to
translate for Rica-San.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> So do you want
me just to open up?
>> Yeah, if you're--
>> I'll just say to translate.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> OK.
[SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> So a long, long time
ago, our words were all one.
Language was one.
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And then it's just
jumping over her.
And she's actually
starting to channel the--
>> The same energy.
[LAUGHING]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And light-- and what they're
saying is light language is
a great tool for bringing
everything together.
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Oh, OK.
She said, I can answer.
I could ask anything,
and it would be answered.
>> Oh.
>> So well this is a
unique talk about triads.
>> [LAUGHING]
>> Triangulation here.
OK.
Now I'm in the hot seat.
All right.
So well, I would love to get
to know a little bit more
about the entity, and the
entity's origins, or energy,
and just archetype,
archetypal space.
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
[SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
[SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Thank you.
So not only did I
get the history,
I got a lesson on
language, because that's--
yeah, that was perfect.
Thank you.
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
[LAUGHING]
>> So--
>> [LAUGHING]
>> So yesterday--
>> It's the same beam that
came through as yesterday.
But yesterday, it was--
this being really wanted to
have a lot to say and talk.
And today since we got
that out of their system,
today, we're a little more calm.
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> We're just going to
have a good conversation.
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And the bird
archetype is freedom.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Fly like the wind,
using the wind as analogy.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> And having a lot of courage.
These are archetypal
energies of the bird.
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> And you're directly connected
to those archetypal energies.
>> Oh.
>> That's how come this
energy is able to come through
in the form and
the fashion it is.
>> Yeah.
Thank you.
>> Thank you guys.
>> Thank you.
Yeah.
How did that feel?
We got just a couple more.
>> Wow.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> [LAUGHING]
[LAUGHING]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> [LAUGHING]
[LAUGHING] [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
[LAUGHING]
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> [LAUGHING]
>> [SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How do you
interpret the intent,
or the benefit of
the light language?
How can that be used in
society, or maybe even
for those who are not familiar
with these type of tools,
be it an ET workshop,
or be it light language,
how can that be used as a tool
in this chaotic environment
to be a catalyst
for our society?
>> Light language can be used as
a very powerful tool to bypass
the rigidity of the mind.
As you are shifting from
a reality of separation,
linearity, and a reality
that's run by the mind/ego,
you are going to
have to come face
to face with looking on the
map, a point at which frequency
no longer supports
mind domination.
So one of the reasons why light
language right now is coming up
so much on the
world right now is
because it can be a
tool that if embraced,
can introduce a malleability
to the consciousness
beyond the rigidity of the mind.
It requires those who
are utilizing that tool
to really surrender
to the process, which
is very difficult for the ego.
And that's what
makes it so powerful,
because it trains
the ego to let go
to a more fluid state
of consciousness
through which the actual
true essence of the universe
can come through.
Does this make sense?
>> Yes, beautiful explanation.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you for your patience.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right, team
light language.
[LAUGHING] It's the name
that you've sort of adopted,
or I've given you guys.
We just got back from
Lisa's contact retreat,
and it was an
amazing experience.
And you all had a
great time, right?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Phenomenal.
So let's start with Bobbie.
What got you into this?
What got you into
light language?
- All right, light language,
I took a channeling class.
It was Lisa's first channeling
class in the states--
no, second, I'm sorry.
And I was very interested
in the integration,
not necessarily
channeling per se,
but I was interested in getting
in touch with my own higher
self.
And when I took
the class, I felt
an energy coming through me.
And my hands were
just going wild,
and then they wanted
to start moving.
So I started signaling, right?
Then after that, I just
kept asking myself,
I wonder if I could speak.
>> Speak like in a
channeling sense?
>> Speak in light language, yes.
And this is after much practice.
>> So not necessarily
channeling,
but actually speaking
light language.
>> Speaking light language,
because I knew that the hand
symbols were light language.
>> Precursors to that.
>> Right.
And so then I did.
I first started with gibberish.
And then the gibberish
turned into something
that I knew was not
gibberish, but I really
couldn't understand what it was.
So I played with
that for some time.
And then I thought, I wonder if
I could write light language?
And I actually could.
So I just asked myself
the possibilities,
and it just manifested.
I asked could I possibly sing?
And I can actually sing.
So it was just an energy
that came through, just
a powerful, powerful energy.
>> Harry, how about yourself?
>> Well, I do remember
playing with this as a child,
not really knowing what it was.
But I remember
going out in nature,
and just kind of using my hands,
and talking what I thought
was just making up
language, but communicating
with plants and animals.
And I just knew that there
was a deep connection when
I did that, but I didn't
really understand it.
And recently I read Jamye
Price's book on light language,
and started playing
with that a little bit.
Although, it was in the
dark room with the door
closed by myself.
>> Sure, sure.
And then I took Lisa's
channeling class,
and that helped me step
forward a little bit more.
And then with Bobbie
practicing the light language,
then we kind of would
practice together.
And so it's kind of
evolved from that.
>> And we saw you guys
have a conversation.
>> Yes, yes.
>> And because
Rica-San translated.
>> Yeah, that was wonderful.
>> That was very powerful.
>> Good to have
it in the family.
>> Right?
Right, it helps.
>> Awesome.
And Michelle, how
about yourself?
>> So my light language kind
of started through osmosis with
Bobbie.
I was sitting next to her, and
she was doing light language.
And all of a sudden, I could
feel the energy coming at me.
And I understood
what she was saying.
And it was just gibberish,
but I could feel the energy.
And I turned around to
her and said, oh my gosh,
I understand what you're saying.
And that's how I got into it.
I borrowed her book.
She had the Light Language
book that Jamye Price wrote.
And I read it, and it
had some great tips
on how to get started.
And I started
experimenting that way.
I started trying to write
it, and it was just flowing.
>> And so you started
writing the symbols?
>> Mm-hm.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, and then we would just
get together and experiment
with it with each other,
and just allow it to flow.
That's how it started.
It was just from experiments.
>> Around the same
time, about a year ago?
>> It was.
Yeah, it started a
year and a half ago.
We were all in Lisa's
channeling class.
>> Sol?
>> Well, my story is
a little bit longer.
I went to Peru in 1995.
And there were four of us
on kind of a long adventure.
So we went to Sillustani,
which is a ancient burial
ground of the Inca, but we
found out the burial ground
was more pre-Incan,
about 740 years
before the time of Christ.
So there was a burial
stone and I was guided.
It had a snake on the top of it.
I was guided to put my
hands and my forehead on it.
And after that, I started
speaking the language.
And all the way for the rest
of the trip I started speaking.
Heaven knows what
I was speaking,
but I was speaking it.
And when I got
back to the States,
the writing started
coming through,
and I wrote different
versions of languages I guess.
So I started a search
to discover what it was,
because I spoke it
and sang it in my car.
And they said, you're not crazy.
We don't think you're
crazy, but we have no idea
what you're speaking of.
And I finally found
someone that told me
that there would be a time
where I would meet others that
could speak it,
and we would know
what we were speaking together.
So it's a very heart
thing coming together
with people that now
were exploring it.
So I have only done it
for myself personally.
I speak in my car.
And I prayed, because I
found out in the Bible
they talk about
speaking in tongue
is one of the gifts
of the Holy Spirit,
and also translating is one of
the gifts of the Holy Spirit.
So now with the
divine feminine coming
through more, which
is the Holy Spirit,
it's coming out more and more.
So I'm very grateful
for this time.
But I prayed, and I got to
be able to translate it.
They would give me a download,
and I would speak the language,
and then we'd get
the translation,
but nothing like in
the contact retreat
where she was able to
translate it right away.
So that was a gift for me.
>> Nice.
And how long ago
was this experience
with the serpent stone.
>> 1995, so it's
been a long time ago.
So I've been very
closeted for many years
waiting for this time to come.
>> Excellent.
Well, thank you
for coming forward.
>> Thank you.
>> This is definitely an
exciting time being witness
to this, and just having spoken
with Jamye yesterday she said,
just every year--
well, especially the past
I guess one or two years,
it's really exploded
exponentially, the number
of people coming through.
We're in Sedona.
We had a light language
conference, I guess.
Did you guys know about that?
>> No.
>> OK, well, next time,
you got to go here.
So thank you all
for coming forward.
>> Thank you.
>> And I think you're
by doing this interview,
you're helping others who
are still in the closet
so to speak, in coming forward.
Sol, when you feel the
transmissions afterwards,
for example, does
it very every time?
>> In terms of I get
the light language,
and then what they
do is they get--
it's sort of like the cliff
notes if you're studying
a volume of books, the language
translation is more of a cliff
note version, where you
can't really translate it,
where people say
you can't translate,
you really can't translate,
because it's sound,
and frequency, and color, and
different vibrational octaves.
But the translation is
more for the logical mind.
The logical mind needs
something to relate to.
So it helps I think, the body
bridge those two realities.
>> Right, right.
And Bobbie, how about you?
Do you feel-- emotionally, what
are you feeling when or after?
Or how does it-- what happens?
>> Well, I feel a lot of energy
coming down through my crown
chakra.
And I just-- a lot
of heart, there's
a lot of heart
feeling between me.
And I try to pick up like if
I'm channeling for someone,
try to pick up the vibration so
that we can make a connection.
And so for me, I like
to do a one-on-one more,
because it's more
effective I feel
for me, and for the person
who I'm channeling for.
So I kind of also can respond to
the person I'm channeling for.
So there's a really
strong connection.
>> And it varies?
>> It totally varies
from person to person.
>> That you're channeling for.
>> Yes, yes.
>> When you say channeling for,
have you done this for people
then?
You've channeled?
>> Yeah.
>> And what for, I guess?
In what sense?
Do people ask for healings?
>> We haven't really
gotten into that.
We're just still
kind of playing.
It's just more of an experiment,
and experiencing with friends,
and things like that,
just to, I think,
understand it more for myself.
>> Right.
>> Yeah.
>> And I guess every
time you do it,
you're getting
deeper and deeper.
>> Right, right.
>> Excellent.
>> Yeah.
>> Harry, how about you?
When it comes through, is
there an application for it?
Or is it just spontaneous?
>> It's usually
pretty spontaneous.
For me, it's always
a very deep feeling.
I usually have tears in my
eyes when it's coming through,
which I think is fairly common.
But it's very deep,
emotive feelings.
It seems to be very
multi-dimensional in that it's
very difficult to
put any words on it.
There might be some concepts
that you get with it,
or I get with it.
>> What are some of the concepts
maybe that you've received?
>> Oh, maybe like very
ancient history of maybe that
person's being.
>> Right.
Well, Rica did--
particularly with you,
say there was an ancient
wisdom, an ancient--
>> She did say that, yeah.
>> This ancient
entity coming through.
Cool.
And Michelle, we didn't really
have in our little channeling
circle, you were present,
and I kept looking over.
And I was like, I think
she wants to say something.
And I didn't know you were part
of this group at that time.
How about you?
When you do it at home, or with
friends, what kind of messages
are you receiving, or
emotions are you feeling?
>> When it comes through,
I feel it here instantly.
And it connects me with
whoever I'm in front of.
And I could just
feel their heart.
So it's feeling like their
personality, their who they
are, and my legs start moving.
And yeah, my legs
get involved in it,
and my hands get involved.
So I just kind of go with the
flow of what's coming through.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I'm feeling them.
And I've just been
having fun with it,
and experimenting with it.
My daughter started as well.
So we've just been
going back and forth.
So right now, it's just fun.
I'm not sure what's happening.
I'm just going with the flow,
and that's what it's doing.
It's forcing me to just go with
the flow of what's happening,
and not using my mind to
figure out what's going on.
>> All of you had this amazing
experience at the retreat where
Sasha sort of asked everybody
to come to the circle.
So Lisa asked whoever
wanted to, or whoever
felt the calling to
come to the circle,
and to channel some
light language.
And I found it a quite
beautiful moment.
There was so much energy
swirling in the circle,
and just hearing it.
And I just wanted to
ask, what was happening?
Maybe we'll start with sound.
What was happening in your--
as a download emotions feeling
at that time in the contact
retreat, under the stars,
under this ancient--
it felt so ancient, the
ritual or something.
But what did you feel
during that time?
>> I think for me, it felt
coming together that was quite
profound, because it's like
being separate for so long,
and now is the time we're all
coming together in a different
way, and more harmonious way.
So that was very nice.
>> Michelle, how about you?
>> It's a different feeling
when you're doing it with other
people.
The energy, it just feels
different than when you're
one-on-one or by yourself.
So I could feel the intensity
of everyone else around.
And it just created like
a swirling of energy
that you could feel
the connection,
and you can feel it
beyond where we were.
So it just it was very intense.
And it was very grounding too.
>> Harry, how about you?
>> It was very intense.
It felt very sacred,
very communal, very much
a communal experience.
And I did feel a connection
not with just those who
were physically present,
but with other energies that
were present also.
>> Did you have any recollection
of maybe what was being said?
>> Not really, not in any
context that I could really
pull back.
>> It was Rica channeling.
>> Yeah.
>> [LAUGHING]
>> That's cool.
How about you, Bobbie?
>> For me, it was also
very, very powerful.
And I think it grounded, or
integrated an energy within me
that I had not
experienced before.
And Sash'a-- the ship was
above, the contact ship.
And I really felt
that I connected
with an energy from there.
It just came in, it seated.
And I felt like the
energy I was broadcasting.
And I felt like it was an
energy that was perhaps
welcoming everyone there.
So I could really
understand the essence
of what was coming through.
So it was a totally different
experience for me Yeah,
so it was real powerful.
>> So not necessarily-- was it
still your usual essence star
family that was coming through,
or something different?
>> Totally different.
Yeah.
>> I was a few people
away from Bobbie,
and having been
practicing with them,
when the energy came
through and I looked over,
it was definitely a different
energy that embodied her,
and was very powerful, such that
the languaging that was coming
through was very profound, very
ancient, almost of the land.
It was very profound.
>> I agree with that.
I was standing right
next to Bobbie,
and it was like a broadcast.
You're right.
>> I was broadcasting.
And it's like, I don't know
what I was telling everyone,
but I was telling
them something.
[LAUGHING] I was
like, listen to me.
It's like, I'm here
to tell you something.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Even though at first
it felt kind of chaotic,
it sort of found its resonance.
And then there was
less of the overlap,
and it just felt like a flow.
Did you guys feel that?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah, in the
songs and everything.
And yeah, it was a
unique experience.
Yeah, something new
for this contact.
>> Yes.
It was different, yeah, totally.
>> Where do you see yourself
going with this, Bobbie,
in the future?
And what would you like
to be doing with it?
>> Good question.
I would like more
exploration, of course.
I would like to understand more.
So I would like to
play around, and see
if we can interpret our
own, because I really
think that's the next step.
It's great to speak
the light language.
It's beautiful.
It feels great.
I know the energy is there.
But really beyond that,
it's the communication.
Yeah.
>> Excellent.
>> Yeah.
>> Harry, how about you?
What would you like to--
>> I feel a deep connection to
ancient energies of the Earth,
which also connects
with the stars.
So I want to kind
of explore that
as maybe being out in
nature more, and using it
more in nature in that way.
>> Going back to when
you were a child?
>> Yeah.
>> Connecting to
that in the circle.
>> Yeah, connecting
to the nature spirits.
You probably were.
When we're kids, we're
not as programmed.
>> True.
>> And definitely have more of
that connection with nature,
and everything else.
Michelle?
>> I would like to feel and know
the essence of what's coming
through, and if it can help
with healing in any way.
I feel that.
>> Beautiful.
Do you think your
daughter might have--
>> Absolutely.
>> A hand in that as well?
>> Yeah.
>> Excellent.
And Sol?
>> Well, now that there's
sort of a team, quote unquote,
team of us, I'd like to
explore a little more about
the meaning, and what it
actually is here for, because I
think it's a gift to open to it,
and I've been having fun with
it privately.
So to integrate
it in another way,
I'm looking forward to that.
And because everything is very--
I feel like intergalactic,
but somehow it
has a place because
communication
is going to be very big
in terms of that area,
to be able to communicate
from the heart center.
I'm really looking
forward to that,
and actually knowing
what we're saying too
so we don't insult anybody.
[LAUGHING]
>> Well, one thing that seemed
everybody had in common was
this ancientness, right?
>> Yes.
>> So maybe as we
discover our own history,
our galactic history, you
know-- and Lisa's doing such
an amazing job diving into that.
But as globally, we all sort
of accept that we are from
the stars, and have this
galactic history revealed,
and our beliefs sort of
shift into that reality,
then maybe light language is
going to be more of the norm,
as opposed to what we're--
>> Right, as we come together.
>> Yeah.
Any light language
messages to close with?
Who would like to if--
>> Would you like a message?
>> Yes.
We're here.
>> All right.
It's going to take me a second.
>> OK.
>> You guys too, right?
>> Yeah.
Feel free to step in.
>> Reuben, this is for you.
>> Oh, this is for me?
>> This is for you.
I actually got a
message this morning.
So thank you for asking.
OK?
[SPEAKING LIGHT LANGUAGE]
>> Thank you.
>> I think I know what it meant.
>> That would be
interesting to ask you.
>> But what did
you feel just now?
>> What I felt what-- what
was trying to come through is
honoring you, your pure heart.
And it takes up your
heart to do this work,
and for you to see a
reflection of yourself.
And I think that was
what I was feeling,
an honoring of yourself.
>> Back at you.
[LAUGHING]
>> Thank you.
>> Actually, it
was a beautiful--
what was the term,
Steve, that Jamye--
the short version in
Jamye's interview,
the Orion, the Lyran
council that she channels,
counts of time,
she finished with
this beautiful ancient term.
I translate it into my simple
language was what the Na'vi say
in Avatar, I see you.
>> Yes, yes.
Absolutely.
>> I see you you, and I
see you, and I see you.
And I wish I remembered it--
>> But that's beautiful.
>> But that's essentially
what it was saying is,
we're all reflections
of each other.
>> Exactly.
>> And when we open our heart,
people with big hearts come in.
>> Right.
Right.
Yes, thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Luckily, you were able to
make it to the session we had
yesterday.
What were your thoughts on
just the whole experience?
>> That was the first light
language experience that I had
participated in.
And prior to that,
I thought maybe
it was information that's
not able to be articulated.
But as I sat in the circle, some
thoughts started to come to me.
And I felt like the heart
is a frequency transmitter.
And this is scientific fact.
It's 60 times more of
a electromagnetic field
than any other
organ in the body.
And I felt like, and saw a
visual that when we speak,
we're moving energy through this
transmission from the heart,
through our voice.
And our voice language
is a structure.
And structure provides a
way for the ego to judge.
So if I'm speaking
to you, the energy
that my heart wants to
convey can be twisted.
It can be angled in
such a way that I
can cover certain things, or
I can give it the right angle.
>> Based on your gender
or something like--
>> Yeah, and same thing
with receiving information.
When you receive information.
You can view it like if
someone hands you a present,
there is something inside.
But how I package that present,
I can hide certain aspects,
or I can give it the right
angle, both when I give to you,
and then when you receive
it, the same thing.
So I feel that light
language is a way that
bypasses the ego filter.
And as a result of that,
it's pure frequency.
And it's the
electromagnetic signature.
It's like when you
express something
to somebody purely even without
language, you can feel emotion.
And this is something that
ego has a hard time to judge.
So I got the feeling
that light language
is like literally
the language of love,
because it's expressed
in such a pure way.
And it has two purposes.
One purpose is to be able
to express without the ego,
but the other thing is
the person receiving that
also doesn't have
the opportunity
to judge, or to hear
what they want to hear,
so they also receive
that information.
And then the second thing
is that it's not only
a way for you to give
and receive information,
but it's also a way that
humans can associate with it.
So you can't imagine
the leap to telepathy
is too far of a leap for us.
And we connect with
information, with language.
You see, even we want to
know, what does it mean?
What does it mean?
It's a way that we
can connect with.
So if we can bridge the
gap, not the big jump,
telepathy, and not where
we filter through the ego,
but in between, and language
can still be a bridge.
It can still transmit
energy, but in a way
that bypasses the ego filter.
And that is the
language of love.
The whole weekend has been about
you saw in the very beginning,
we were talking about confusion.
>> Yeah.
>> That was one of the themes.
And the Andromeda, and Andromeda
being always in this state
of flux, and change.
They can't create
structure, so they
learn to move through change.
And this whole weekend
has been about that.
It's confusion.
It's unstructured,
and teaching us
that you can't rely on something
to judge it, to filter it.
We just have to learn to
move, and just moving within.
You remember last night
with the light language,
and everybody together,
all the language
coming through, over,
and over, and over.
And I had this
thought come to me,
and it said, confusion is a
tool for us to bypass the ego
and let go of the ego, because
you don't have that structure
to hold on to.
And that is an inroad into
inter-dimensional contact,
because as we were learning
that ET contact is not
about out there.
It's about in here.
And at the end of the day,
we're contacting ourselves.
[MUSIC PLAYING]